# VMS Organizers Meeting - 2024-11-08

## Define/review the goals for the platform (30 min)

### Initial notes
- Mariana put together this awesome document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V523Qj00xMPl9aNB7AMBavDl0rXe8KlyOftNIeotxaM/edit?tab=t.0
- Bring a short list of goals to the meeting (1~3 goals)
- We will prioritize and vote on agreed common goals

### Meeting notes
Ken's suggestions:
> #1 Create a base data layer that can be reused by other projects.
> #2 Making on boarding EASY and automated.
> #3 Encourage cross expertise collaboration
> #4 Opportunity for junior developer / designers looking for work to contribute in a meaningful way

- What we have in place:
  - Jen created some procedures/docs
  - It talks about culture
  - Onboarding: online questionnaire, agreement, image release form
- Problems so far:
  - We lack transparency/observability
  - There is no way to follow up when momentum stops
- We would like to know about how many hours people have worked/invested?
- When people get jobs, their commitment to the org stops
- Not exactly _automation_, we want to _reduce friction_
- We want a page for each team, a page for each volunteer, the season and work they have done, we want named roles for people.
- Badges on the volunteer page?
- **Have a deadline for registering/using the platform!**
- Have a page for members with a calendar of their mentorship opportunities (Like Tech Tank TO is doing)
- Have mentorship opportunities
- List events (not strictly tied to a platform)

#### Goals

1. Reduce friction for onboarding volunteers. We want people to join us faster and easier.
2. Improve observability by data. We want to know what happened, when, and to whom.
3. Have one single data source ~~to rule them all~~.
4. **GENERAL TJS GOAL:** Provide a hands on experience for our members. Juniors looking for jobs would have a cool experience.

## Formalize the current roles (5 min)

### Initial notes
- [`@dann`](https://github.com/dxnn) will be Project Owner
- [`@madcampos`](https://github.com/madcampos) will be Project Manager
- [`@Mariana Rocha`](https://github.com/marianavrocha) will be Design Lead
- [`@Ken Beaudin`](https://github.com/kbventures) will be Lead Developer

### Meeting notes
- We are the four horseman of the VMS
- Project will be agile-ish

## Schedule a architecture meeting (5 min)

### Initial notes
(None)

### Meeting notes
- Scheduled for Monday, November 11th, 2024

## Schedule a design meeting (5 min)

### Initial notes
(None)

### Meeting notes
- Confirm with Mariana about other designers
- Check calendars for that meeting

## Review and confirm next steps (10 min)

### Initial notes
Suggestion is:
- Publish open roles for team
- Schedule a meeting to quickly introduce the project and all people involved
- Define schedule to sprint, retro, and "daily" meetings
- Work in parallel with design and development for the MVP
- Present the MVP

### Meeting notes

- Draft roles and send on organizers channel
- Send reviewed message to the volunteers channel, then on general
- Confirm schedule and join meetings
