# VMS meetings notes 2025-01-17

Tasks to do for next week:

- Confirm with Dann the renaming "VMS" to "Community Hub" publicly, "VMS" will still work as a codename
- Contact designer Marco knows about volunteering for branding and style guide
- Talk to QA dev that is interested in volunteering about setting up QA, specially accessibility
- Share Figma design with the dev team
- Next sync meeting will be in 2 weeks
- Update roadmap to reflect changes
  - Update issues on GitHub to reflect changes
- Update contribution guide
